In this video I mean I go through and show you how to document the response object.
So on our get I.D. method rearrange this a little bit.
So on the Get Behar I.D. We're documenting the path and the requests parameters and what we want to
do is change this so we can also add in the what we're responding with.
So that is going to be response fields and there's another static import that we need to bring in
and of course we describe the fields with with path.
But this time we are going to do field with path and here we can say I.D.
So that's going to document one feel that's coming back.
So let's go ahead and run this
what's going to happen is we're getting an error now and it's complaining that there's a number of things
that are not documents so I can tell you that these properties that these are coming back but they're
not getting documented by the documentation.
So it's kind of a nice feature with rust docs where you do have to document all the properties so if
you add a property to your API at some point and you forget to document it your test will fail.
So kind of a nice feature like that.
So these are about six or seven properties.
So what I'm going to do right now is I'm going to pause the video and then document these and then we'll
resume and do a quick code review of what what's going on here.
So what I've done is a positive video and I came back and during pause I went through and documented
the remaining field so you can see that from sixty six to is about 73.
I've added a number of different properties to match what's coming back from the API.
So let's go ahead and run this again and make sure that I have everything documented and you see that
the test is now passing which is exactly what we want.
So you can see here is that I am sitting up trying to format this properly.
One of my biggest complaints about spring run stocks as you can see here that we're getting a lot of
documentation and mixed many of our tests which is as good things and bad things.
This is very easy and make a syntax error in mistakes and sat there scratching my head trying to get
this just right so it can be a little tricky to work with especially when you're first starting out
with it.
So definitely pay attention to how your formatting your code can help you get things properly.
So just to recap now we're passing in this document method and we are giving it an identifier for the
API endpoint and now we have path Browder's request parameters.
And then the response fields of what we're expecting to get back from the API call and we haven't looked
at the documentation that's going to get generated from this yet.
We're going to go through and complete the documentation and then we'll start looking at the snippets
and how that gets generated and everything all gets brought together.